# Item Processing Warner

Alerts based on item processing, both when processing is done, but also when processing is _nearly_ done (i.e. it warns you in advance). This is useful if you want to avoid paying attention, but also do the item processing efficiently.

For example, if you are fletching, you might have magic logs in your inventory being converted into magic longbow (u). If you have the advance warning set to 3000ms (3 seconds), the first screen alert would begin when the plugin calculates you are 3 seconds away from completing the processing tasks (so, when you have around 1 log left to fletch). The second alert would then start when the item processing is complete.

You don't need to tell the plugin which items you are processing, nor what they are being processed into; this is detected automatically. However, you do need to configure the time in ticks each action takes. For example, crafting silver bars into holy symbols is a 2 tick action, so you would need to input '2' as the 'Ticks per action' config value for best results. Consult the OSRS Wiki for more information; the [Runescape Clock page](https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/RuneScape_clock) is useful for finding these timings.

This plugin also works for tasks where you are collecting or disposing of items at a consistent rate, as it handles 'processing' of empty inventory slots as if they were items. As a result, this can also be used for gathering skills, although these typically do not have a 100% success rate, so it is not designed to be used this way. An example of where this plugin might behave erratically for this is if you are woodcutting with a 4 tick advance warning, you would end up getting a warning with one log left to cut, even if you repeatedly failed to cut the last log.  